Add the initial implementation (#1)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-pagerduty: README.md

## Module Overview

> The `ballerinax/pagerduty` allows you to work with pagerDuty users, escalationPolicies, services , schedules, services and incidents through the pagerDuty Rest API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ballerinax/pagerduty` module allows you to work with PagerDuty users, escalationPolicies, services, schedules, and incidents through the PagerDuty Rest API. 
```

The following sections provide you details on how to use the `pagerduty`.

- [Compatibility](#compatibility)
- [Feature Overview](#feature-overview)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Sample](#sample)

## Compatibility

|                             |           Version           |
|:---------------------------:|:---------------------------:|
| Ballerina Language          |            1.2.X            |
| PagerDuty REST API          |            v2               |

## Feature Overview

Following groups are provided by Ballerina to interact with different API groups of the pagerDuty REST API. 
1. **pagerDuty:Account** - The `Account` used to initiate the contact with pagerDuty API and create all the associated sub groups with the operations.
2. **pagerDuty:Users** - The `Users` will be used to create/get/delete the User/Contact method/ Notification rule.

> 3. **pagerDuty:EscalationPolicies** - The `EscalationPolicies` will be used to create/get/update/delete the escalation policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **pagerDuty:EscalationPolicies** - The `EscalationPolicies`, which will be used to create/get/update/delete the escalation policy.
```

> 4. **pagerDuty:Schedules** - This `Schedules` will be used to create/get/delete the schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **pagerDuty:Schedules** - The `Schedules`, which will be used to create/get/delete the schedule.
```

> 5. **pagerDuty:Services** - This `Services` will be used to create/update|delete the services/integration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **pagerDuty:Services** - The `Services`, which will be used to create/update|delete the services/integration. 
```

> 6. **pagerDuty:Extensions** - This `Extensions` will be used to create/get/update/delete the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **pagerDuty:Extensions** - The `Extensions`, which will be used to create/get/update/delete the extension.
```

> 6. **pagerDuty:Incidents** - The `Incidents` used to create/get/update/manage/delete/snooze the incidents and add note into that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **pagerDuty:Incidents** - The `Incidents`, which will be used to create/get/update/manage/delete/snooze the incidents and add the note into that.
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Download and install [Ballerina](https://ballerinalang.org/downloads/).
- Get the [REST API Key](https://support.pagerduty.com/docs/generating-api-keys#section-rest-api-keys).

> >Note: According to the account's role permission, The user API token can support all the functionality what we have but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** According to the account's role permission, the user API token can support all the available functionality. However,
```

> > the account API token can't access the operations which to be need the `from email Id`.They are `createUser`, `createIncident`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> the account API token can't access the operations, which need the `from email Id`. They are `createUser`, `createIncident`,
```

> > `createEscalationPolicy`, `createSchedule`, `manageIncidents`, `updateIncident` and `addNote`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `createEscalationPolicy`, `createSchedule`, `manageIncidents`, `updateIncident`, and `addNote`.
```

> the account API token can't access the operations, which need the `from email Id`. They are `createUser`, `createIncident`,
> `createEscalationPolicy`, `createSchedule`, `manageIncidents`, `updateIncident`, and `addNote`.

### Pull the Module

Execute the below command to pull the `pagerDuty` module from Ballerina Central:

```ballerina
$ ballerina pull ballerinax/pagerduty
```

## Sample

The following is a simple Ballerina program, which is used to receive notifications on configuring the profile.

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;
import ballerinax/pagerduty;
import ballerina/time;

pagerduty:Configuration pagerdutyConfig = {
    oauth2Config: {
        accessToken: "<USER_TOKEN>"
    }
};

public function main() {
    pagerduty:Account pagerduty = new(pagerdutyConfig);
    pagerduty:Users users = pagerduty.getUsers();
    pagerduty:EscalationPolicies escalations = pagerduty.getEscalationPolicies();
    pagerduty:Schedules schedules = pagerduty.getSchedules();
    pagerduty:Services services = pagerduty.getServices();
    pagerduty:Extensions extensions = pagerduty.getExtensions();
    pagerduty:Incidents incidents = pagerduty.getIncidents();

    string userId = "";

>     pagerduty:User user =  { "type": "user", "name": "Abisayan", "email": "abisayan31@gmail.com", "role": "admin"};

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    pagerduty:User user = { "type": "user", "name": "Abisayan", "email": "abisayan31@gmail.com", "role": "admin"};
```

    pagerduty:ContactMethod contactMethod = { "type": "sms", "summary": "Home", "label": "home", "countryCode": 1,
                                              "address": "5766792895"};
    pagerduty:EscalationPolicy createdPolicy = { "type": "sms", "id": "", "name": "", "escalationRules": []};
    pagerduty:Service createdService = { "name": "service", "escalationPolicy": createdPolicy};
    pagerduty:ContactMethod createdContactMethod = { "type": "sms", "address": "5766792895"};

>     pagerduty:User createdUser =  { "type": "user", "name": "", "email": "a@gmail.com"};

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    pagerduty:User createdUser = { "type": "user", "name": "", "email": "a@gmail.com"};
```
